[EuiSelectableTemplateSitewide] fix: The keydown popup display shall be Enter key. (#5886)
elastic/eui: upcoming_changelogs/5886.md

**Bug fixes**

> - Fixed: [EuiSelectableTemplateSitewide] The keydown popup display shall be Enter key.

Reviewer: Minor copy nit
```suggestion
- Fixed `EuiSelectableTemplateSitewide` to allow re-opening the search popover (if closed via Escape key) via the Enter key
```
